Add MASTG-TEST-0264, MASTG-TEST-0265, MASTG-DEMO-0038, MASTG-DEMO-0039 (#3246)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tests-beta/android/MASVS-RESILIENCE/MASTG-TEST-0264.md

type: [dynamic]
weakness: MASWE-0094
best-practices: []
status: new
---

## Overview

This test checks whether the app uses `StrictMode` by dynamically analyzing the app's behavior and placing relevant hooks to detect the use of `StrictMode` APIs, such as `StrictMode.setVmPolicy` and `StrictMode.VmPolicy.Builder.penaltyLog`.

> While `StrictMode` is useful for developers to log policy violations such as disk I/O or network operations in production apps, it can expose sensitive implementation details in the logs that could be exploited by attackers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `StrictMode` is useful for developers to log policy violations such as disk I/O or network operations during development, it can expose sensitive implementation details in the logs that could be exploited by attackers.
```

I know we have the same text in the existing test, but I think it sounds a bit confusing.

## Steps

> 1. Run a dynamic analysis tool like @MASTG-TOOL-0039 and look for uses of `StrictMode` APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run a dynamic analysis tool like @MASTG-TOOL-0031 and look for uses of `StrictMode` APIs.
```

> 1. Run a dynamic analysis tool like @MASTG-TOOL-0001 and look for uses of `StrictMode` APIs.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Use runtime method hooking (see @MASTG-TECH-0043) and look for uses of `StrictMode` APIs.
```
